Documentation: sliding sync proxy is not required for Synapse >1.114 (#3735)
spantaleev/matrix-docker-ansible-deploy: docs/configuring-playbook-sliding-sync-proxy.md

Element X Android is [available on the Github Releases page](https://github.com/element-hq/element-x-android/releases).

> **Note**: The sliding-sync proxy is **not required** when using the **Conduit** homeserver from version `0.6.0` or **Synapse** from version `1.114`. Conduit has native support for some sliding sync features. If there are issues with the native implementation, you might have a better experience when enabling the sliding-sync proxy anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The sliding-sync proxy is **not required** anymore as it's been replaced with a different method (called Simplified Sliding Sync) which is integrated into newer homeservers bg default (**Conduit** homeserver from version `0.6.0` or **Synapse** from version `1.114`).
```

Reviewer: Though.. I'm not sure Conduit if has full support for the new Simplified Sliding Sync,
or if it only supports the old one.

Regardless, the sliding-sync proxy can't help you.. It's the same old sliding sync method, not the new one used by Synapse.

I may be wrong though.
